# Invest-in-whiskey
To invest in whiskey is one of the latest options and attention gaining areas in the investment industry. There are two principles ways to invest in whiskey and today we are going to discuss them. The first one is to invest directly in bottles and the second option is to invest in whiskey. It can either be an old or new bottle and in that, the brand and distillery are extremely important. In the casks of whiskey, the distillery from which the whiskey comes is less important. A good return of around 10-15% can be made from whiskey casks from any distillery. 
Let’s have a detailed view at both the options and get a better view on how to invest in whiskey - 
Investing in bottles 
Investing in the bottles requires a huge amount of capital in order to even make a minimum investment. In order to invest in bottles you need to buy them from auctions and releases by using your expertise and skills. Inspite of all the skills and expertise a high amount of return is not guaranteed when investing in bottles while making an investment in whiskey. 
Investing in Whiskey Casks 
Whiskey is considered a depreciating asset and thus, no amount of capital gains is payable on the sale. Casks give a different perspective to whiskey investment. These are a simple asset, held in bond and no duty is levied whilst it stays in bond. When it comes to investing in whiskey, the best way is to invest in a diverse portfolio. Casks can be bought at different stages during their process. They can be bought freshly filled to well-aged.  	
The casks become more expensive as they gain maturity and they are of less price on their early stage. The cask at a zero age is called a new fill cask and the liquid is called a new make spirit. It takes 3 years and a day for a new spirit to legally become whiskey. Casks can be bought at any age the buyer thinks it would be beneficial. 
More of such guidance is available when you join New Hibernian Whiskey Advisory and decide to invest in whiskey. For more information, you can visit www.new-hibernian.com 
